Require type parameter when fetching from the cache (#12838)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: .changeset/dark-radios-punch.md

---

> '@prairielearn/cache': minor

Reviewer: Are you sure this isn't a breaking change?

Author: Ah.

Author: Reverted.

---

> Require a type parameter for fetching from the cache

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add support for an optional type parameter to `cache.get(...)`
```
